To run the Risk game, first make sure all the files are compiled.
To do this, please see the Developer Manual.

To play a game of Risk, there must be a server running either on your
local computer, or elsewhere.
To start a server on your computer, run the following command in the folder
where the Risk files are located:

java RiskServer

To start a game, run the following command in the folder where the Risk files
are located:

java RiskClient

After running this command, a dialog box will appear and ask for your name.
This will be your username when playing the game.
After this a second dialog box will appear and ask for the address of the
Risk Server. If the server is running on your computer, leave the value as
localhost, otherwise enter the location of the Risk server.
Finally a third dialog box will appear asking for the name of the game to join.
If the game with this name is already in session, it will ask for another.
Clicking Cancel on any of the dialog boxes will exit the program.

Once you have selected a username, server, and game name, you will be presented
with the prompt "Are you ready?"
Click yes when all the players you want to play with are in the game.
Clicking no will simply result in the prompt being displayed again.
Clicking cancel will exit the program.

The game will not start until at least 2 players have joined and indicated
that they are ready.

When the game starts, you will see a screen like the following:
<<Screenshot 1 -- game started>>

The main grid is the representation of the game map.
Each tile is a territory that is owned by a player.
The number in the territory is the size of the army in that territory.
Below the grid is a row of space to display the attack roll and defense roll.
At the bottom is a row of names of players in their color with the number
of territories they control in parentheses. The current player is indicated
with his name surrounded by >> <<.
In the bottom right corner is the End Turn button. This button is disabled
until it is your turn. 

To play the game when it is your turn, first click on one of your territories,
then on a neighboring enemy territory. The two territories will be highlighted
and the rolls will be displayed.
<<Screenshot 2 - highlighting>>
Note that the rolls are calculated by a number of dice rolls, where the number
of dice is the army size.
If your attack was successful, the enemy territory will become yours, and 
all but one of your armies will move into that territory. (The one remaining
army stays in the attacking territory.) Note that this means the attack roll
uses one fewer die to roll than the army size. 
If the attack was unsuccessful, the enemy territory is unchanged, and all but
one army is removed from the attacking territory.
You are allowed to attack as many times as you are able in one turn.
When you can make no more moves, click the End Turn button to end your turn.

The game is over when one player controls the entire game board.
<<Screenshot 3 - you win!!>>